adds content from modularcontracting.18f.gov (#84)
18F/agile: pages/18f-agile-based-project-approach.md

We conduct discovery research before we build anything. Depending on the complexity of your problem space, this can take up to 2 to 3 months. As opposed to ‘requirements gathering’, this process involves actually visiting with users and prototyping to test out multiple concepts quickly before investing a lot of money in building something.

> When we build, we aim to release early and often to real users in real life situations. Ultimately, the government’s investment should be measured in working software, not phase documents or milestones. Only working systems are of value to real constituents. Based on that premise, teams are only able to measure the success of a waterfall project after most costs have been incurred, because that is the first time working software is delivered. This is a huge risk. Agile projects allow the government to measure success at more regular intervals, and reduce the overall risk to the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we build, we aim to release early and often to real users in real life situations. Ultimately, the government’s investment should be measured in working software, not phase documents or milestones. Only working systems are of value to real constituents. Based on that premise, teams are only able to measure the success of a waterfall project after most costs have been incurred, because that is the first time working software is delivered. This is a huge risk. Agile projects allow the government to measure success at more regular intervals and if necessary make course corrections.  The ability to measure and adapt reduces the overall risk to the project.
```

Reviewer: Highlighting how deploying (and measuring often) can reduce overall risk.

Having well-researched hypotheses beforehand allows us to be deliberate about what we build and why. Research continues throughout the agile process that we can test our hypotheses and pivot when needed. Since our work is centered around user research and user feedback, it’s important to develop participant recruiting strategies, and a research and feedback cadence that will work within the constraints of your agile process, and to ensure that the team is staffed appropriately.

> 

Reviewer: Thoughts on incorporating some of this content:

>>> Like any process, agile development has risks — but they are avoidable.
In some cases, teams incorrectly using agile as justification for poor or no architecture, design, or documentation. Incomplete, incorrect, or uninformed adoption of agile techniques can lead to an ineffective process we call “agilefall.” We’ve written a blog post about how to avoid this pitfall.

Author: This would be a nice addition. Is this the blog post you're suggesting we link to? https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/12/29/is-your-project-using-agilefall/

Reviewer: @hannahkane i submitted PR #85 to incorporate that content into this branch.  Thoughts?

Reviewer: PR #85 merged.  This comment is good to go!

Reviewer: PR #85 in.
